README.md, before:

Aesir
=====

<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/ba/Valknut.svg/1100px-Valknut.svg.png" alt="aesir logo" align="left" height="200" width="200" />

>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Then sought the gods  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;their assembly-seats,  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The holy ones,  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and council held,  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Whether the gods  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;should tribute give,  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Or to all alike  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;should worship belong.  


## What is this?

The idea is to create a microservices system that allows playing the traditional Pen and Paper games online. The idea is to make it easy to create and share almost everything related to this hobby and at the same time try to make it easy to play the game with others.

## Why are you guys doing this?

That depends on the person, but ultimately we've all been in that newbie position. In fact some of us still are. And for more complex games it can be overwhelming juggling all the rules while at the same time trying to roleplay. At the same time for a GM it's also not easy to create content and even harder to get feedback. In the end we just want to make everything easy without sacrificing what makes people love this.

## I still don't get it...

If this all sounds confusing blame twosevenska. Anyways here's a couple of examples:

### Example A

1. Nerd likes Cyberpunk
2. Nerd always wanted to play a Pen and Paper
3. Nerd wasn't able to find anyone with experience to play with
4. Nerd waits for years, always finding people in a similar spot
5. Eventually Nerd loses a bet and tries to DM Shadowrun
6. Nerd starts playing different RPG's with that group
7. Nerd keeps changing games and just starts to wing most of it 

### Example B

1. Nerd wants to make his own setting
2. Nerd spends a lot of time on it, most of it because of tools
3. Nerd can't really test it with anyone but the playgroup
4. Everything goes well, however there are some tweaks needed
5. Can't really test it with the same group again for some time

### Example C

1. Nerd does A
2. DM says A is not possible
3. Nerd says A is actually valid because of X and Y rule interaction
4. Everyone waits for a couple of minutes as those two discuss everything.

### Example D

1. Nerd takes 5 hours creating char: "Amazing weight lifter Princess rescuer"
2. Nerd goes into game, first session in brand new adventure
3. "Amazing weight lifter Princess rescuer" manages to die in the middle of the first session without battling
4. Nerd is now stuck creating a new char or watching for the rest of the session.

So yeah if you went through those examples you might've noticed a couple of things. Not all of them are bad but some stuff could certainly be improved. That's part of our objective.

## Why Aesir?

Sounds cool, Norse myth is popular in RPG's and it's all about this council of Norse Gods. Seemed appropriate.

Commit message:

Remove forge to another repo and updated readme to reflect this as a libs only repo

README.md, after:

# Aesir

<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/ba/Valknut.svg/1100px-Valknut.svg.png" alt="aesir logo" align="left" height="200" width="200" />

>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Then sought the gods  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;their assembly-seats,  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The holy ones,  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and council held,  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Whether the gods  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;should tribute give,  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Or to all alike  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;should worship belong.  


## What is this

The idea is to create a microservices system that allows playing the traditional Pen and Paper games online. The idea is to make it easy to create and share almost everything related to this hobby and at the same time try to make it easy to play the game with others.

## Why are you guys doing this

That depends on the person, but ultimately we've all been in that newbie position. In fact some of us still are. And for more complex games it can be overwhelming juggling all the rules while at the same time trying to roleplay. At the same time for a GM it's also not easy to create content and even harder to get feedback. In the end we just want to make everything easy without sacrificing what makes people love this.

## I still don't get it

If this all sounds confusing blame twosevenska. Anyways here's a couple of examples:

### Example A

1. Nerd likes Cyberpunk
1. Nerd always wanted to play a Pen and Paper
1. Nerd wasn't able to find anyone with experience to play with
1. Nerd waits for years, always finding people in a similar spot
1. Eventually Nerd loses a bet and tries to DM Shadowrun
1. Nerd starts playing different RPG's with that group
1. Nerd keeps changing games and just starts to wing most of it

### Example B

1. Nerd wants to make his own setting
1. Nerd spends a lot of time on it, most of it because of tools
1. Nerd can't really test it with anyone but the playgroup
1. Everything goes well, however there are some tweaks needed
1. Can't really test it with the same group again for some time

### Example C

1. Nerd does A
1. DM says A is not possible
1. Nerd says A is actually valid because of X and Y rule interaction
1. Everyone waits for a couple of minutes as those two discuss everything.

### Example D

1. Nerd takes 5 hours creating char: "Amazing weight lifter Princess rescuer"
1. Nerd goes into game, first session in brand new adventure
1. "Amazing weight lifter Princess rescuer" manages to die in the middle of the first session without battling
1. Nerd is now stuck creating a new char or watching for the rest of the session.

So yeah if you went through those examples you might've noticed a couple of things. Not all of them are bad but some stuff could certainly be improved. That's part of our objective.

## Why Aesir

Sounds cool, Norse myth is popular in RPG's and it's all about this council of Norse Gods. Seemed appropriate.

## So where can I find all this

At first we thought of having stuff in here and later on move to different repos as needed. Soon after starting the first one we realized it would be better to just use this approach immediately, so right now Aesir is just our utils/shared libs repo as well as wiki.
